README.md, before:

# go-commando [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/binary-soup/go-commando?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/binary-soup/go-commando)

The `go-commando` module provides several types for managing multiple commands within the same command-line application. This approach to software architecture allows a single application to perform many tasks while ensuring the various commands stay modular and respect the _separation of concerns_ principal.

## Usage (OUT OF DATE)

The module consists mainly of four packages:
- `command`: this packages defines multiple types for defining, creating, and running commands.
- `command/sample`: this package defines sample commands useful for learning how the module works.
- `style`: this package provides semantic types and methods for changing the style (mode and colour) of console output
- `util`: this packages provides simple helper functions for a verity of general use cases

The following main definition demonstrates the basic usage of the module:

```go
func main() {
	ls := flag.Bool("ls", false, "list all commands")
	flag.Parse()

	runner := command.NewRunner(
		sample.NewHelloCommand(),
		command.NewConfigCommand[sample.SampleConfig](),
	)

	if *ls || len(os.Args) < 2 {
		runner.ListCommands()
		return
	}

	if err := runner.RunCommand(os.Args[1], os.Args[2:]); err != nil {
		style.BoldError.Print("ERROR: ")
		fmt.Println(err)
	}
}
```

Commit message:

Add docs for style package

README.md, after:

# go-commando [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/binary-soup/go-commando?status.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/binary-soup/go-commando)

The `go-commando` module provides several types for managing multiple commands within the same command-line application. This approach to software architecture allows a single application to perform many tasks while ensuring the various commands stay modular and respect the _separation of concerns_ principal.

The module additionally provides many helper methods and types that would be common in command-line applications.

### `style` package

Using ANSI escape codes, the `style` package provides a semantic way to style console output. A basic usage as follows:

```go
style.Error.Println("An Error occurred.")
```

OR

```go
style.Success.Println("The task succeeded!")
```


## Usage (Work in progress)

The module consists mainly of four packages:
- `command`: this packages defines multiple types for defining, creating, and running commands.
- `command/sample`: this package defines sample commands useful for learning how the module works.
- `style`: this package provides semantic types and methods for changing the style (mode and colour) of console output
- `util`: this packages provides simple helper functions for a verity of general use cases

The following main definition demonstrates the basic usage of the module:

```go
func main() {
	ls := flag.Bool("ls", false, "list all commands")
	flag.Parse()

	runner := command.NewRunner(
		sample.NewHelloCommand(),
		command.NewConfigCommand[sample.SampleConfig](),
	)

	if *ls || len(os.Args) < 2 {
		runner.ListCommands()
		return
	}

	if err := runner.RunCommand(os.Args[1], os.Args[2:]); err != nil {
		style.BoldError.Print("ERROR: ")
		fmt.Println(err)
	}
}
```
